index.html explanation:
	1.) Line 4 links to the stylesheet used to manipulate the elements
	in the html page.
	
	2.) Line 7: This div tag controls all the pages inside the id="app"
	
	3.) Line 9: The header (title) of the app on top of the screen
	
	4.) Line 11: This section tag with id="login" encapsulates the
	input form used for the user to input his phonenumber and the checkbox
	button used for the acceptance of the Terms of Service.
	
	5.) Line 12: This input tag with id="userPhoneNumber" includes
	the placeholder text "Your Phone Number" inside the form so the
	user know he/she has to input his/her phonenumber there. It is 
	a form for the user to input text data.
	
	6.) Line 14: This input tag with id="termsAccepted" includes the
	text "I agree to the terms and conditions", with a link to such
	terms and conditions. They still have to be written. This input is
	of checkbox type, which the user checks if he/she agrees with such
	terms.
	
	7.) Line 16: This button tag includes text "Log In", so that the
	user knows that that button logs him/her into the system. It's a
	button type, so for any action to take place, it would have to be 
	clicked by the user.
	
	8.) Line 18: This section tag with the id="mainPage" encapsulates
	and constitutes the main page of our application, housing the Call
	911, Call Police, Call Ambulance, Call Firefighters, and Other
	Services buttons.
	
	9.) Line 19: This button tag with the id="call911" leads to the 911
	call, which shall be implemented in the integration phase. It
	should exit the application and call 911. It contains the text 
	"Call 911" so that the user knows what the button will do when it
	is clicked.
	
	10.) Line 20: This button tag with the id="police" includes the
	text "Call Police", so that the user knows that the button will
	cause the list of nearest police stations to be retrieved from the
	database. It is a button, so the aforementioned action will only
	trigger when the button is clicked. This action will be implemented
	in the integration phase.
	
	11.) Line 21: This button tag with the id="ambulance" includes the
	text "Call Ambulance", so that the user knows that the button
	will cause the list of nearest ambulance stations to be retrieved
	from the database. It is a button, so the aforementioned action
	will only trigger when the button is clicked. This action will be
	implemented in the integration phase.
	
	12.) Line 22: This button tag with the id="firefighters" includes
	the text "Call Firefighters", so that the user knows that the
	button will cause the list of nearest fire stations to be
	retrieved from the database. It is a button, so the aforementioned
	action will only trigger when the button is clicked. This action
	will be implemented in the integration phase.
	
	13.) Line 23: This button tag with the id="other" includes the
	text "Other Services", so that the user knows that the button leads
	to the Other Services page. It is a button, so the aforementioned
	action will only trigger when the button is clicked.
	
	14.) Line 25: This section tag with the id="call" encapsulates and
	constitutes the Call Page of the application. This page is
	triggered when the user clicks on either the Call Police, Call
	Ambulance, Call Firefighters, or Call Towing Services button. It
	houses the Hang Up and Call Next buttons.
	
	15.) Line 26: This button tag with the id="hangUp" includes the
	text "Hang Up", so that the user knows that the button hangs up the
	call. It should lead to the modal window prompting the user if he/
	she wishes to send his/her coordinates to service inquired. The
	modal window still has to be implemented. The Hang Up action will
	be implemented in the integration phase. It is a button, so the
	aforementioned action will only trigger when the button is clicked.
		
	16.) Line 27: This button tag with the id="callNext" includes the
	text "Call Next", so that the user knows that the button ends the
	current call, and calls the next service in the list brought from
	the database. It is a button, so the aforementioned action will
	only trigger when the button is clicked. The list mechanism has
	already been implemented, but integration with the backend will be
	implemented in the integration phase.
	
	17.) Line 29: This section tag with the id="otherServices"
	encapsulates and constitutes the Other Services page of the
	application. It houses the Chat, Hospitals, Call Towing Services,
	and Back buttons. This page is first reached when the user clicks
	on the Other Services button on the Main Page of the application.
	
	18.) Line 30: This button tag with the id="chatButton" includes the
	text "Chat", so that the user knows that it will take him to the
	Choose Chat page. It is a button, so the aforementioned action will
	only trigger when the button is clicked.
	
	19.) Line 31: This button tag with the id="hospitalsButton"
	includes the text "Hospitals", so that the user knows that it will
	take him/her to a page showing a map with the nearest hospitals to
	the user's location marked on. It is a
	button, so the aforementioned action will only trigger when the
	button is clicked.
	
	20.) Line 32: This button tag with the id="towingButton" includes
	the text "Call Towing Services", so that the user knows that the
	button will cause the list of nearest towing services to be
	retrieved from the database. It is a button, so the aforementioned
	action will only trigger when the button is clicked. This action
	will be implemented in the integration phase.
	
	21.) Line 33: This button tag with the class="back" includes the
	text "Back", so that the user knows that the button will cause him/
	her to go back to the previous page. It is a button, so the 
	aforementioned action will only trigger when the button is clicked.
	
	22.) Line 35: This section tag with the id="hospitals" encapsulates
	and constitutes the Hospitals Page. This page will display a map
	with the hospitals nearest to the user marked on the map. This page
	also houses a Back button. The action linking marked maps to this
	page will be implemented in the integration phase.
	
	23.) Line 39: See explanation 21.
	
	24.) Line 41: This section tag with the id="chat" encapsulates and
	constitutes the Chat page, which houses the Chat Police, Chat
	Firefighters, Chat Ambulance, and Back buttons. This page is first
	reached when the user clicks the Chat button in the Other Services
	Page.
	
	25.) Line 45: This button tag with the id="chatPolice" includes the
	text "Chat Police", so that the user knows that the button will
	retrieve a list of the police stations closest to the user's
	location, and the user will be able to chat with them. The list
	retrieval system will be implemented in the integration phase. It
	is a button, so the aforementioned action will only trigger when
	the button is clicked.
	
	26.) Line 46: This button tag with the id="chatFirefighters"
	includes the text "Chat Police", so that the user knows that the 
	button will retrieve a list of the fire stations closest to the
	user's location, and the user will be able to chat with them. The
	list retrieval system will be implemented in the integration phase.
	It is a button, so the aforementioned action will only trigger
	when the button is clicked.
	
	27.) Line 47: This button tag with the id="chatAmbulance" includes
	the text "Chat Ambulance", so that the user knows that the button
	will retrieve a list of the ambulance stations closest to the
	user's location, and the user will be able to chat with them. The
	list retrieval system will be implemented in the integration phase.
	It is a button, so the aforementioned action will only trigger
	when the button is clicked.
	
	28.) Line 48: See explanation 21.
	
	29.) Line 55: This section tag with the id="chatScreen"
	encapsulates and constitutes the Chat Screen page, which houses the
	conversation between the mobile client, and the web client. This
	connection will be implemented before the second Happy Hour. The
	chat basic functionality has already been implemented.
	
	30.) Line 59: This script tag of type text/javascript references
	the JQuery library used in this code, so that it can be recognized.
	
	31.) Line 60: This script tag of type text/javascript references
	the javascript code that this program runs, which is app.js in this
	case.